Ok let’s now work on the services page, add pictures as fit to express the core features of the service.
1. Health Sector
The oyster campaign is “Join in healthcare sector proudly” – Why we are doing this, as the meaning of “Care” is “Comprehend/Harmonious relation”, therefore what we are different at, is providing quality employment solutions in the UK health sector through our local and foreign candidates. Our mission is to deliver effective employment solutions through our passionate, hard-working committed, permanent, and temporary (UK-based & foreigners) frontline workers of nurses and healthcare assistants. The oyster team is committed to our clients and candidates must receive the best most efficient and productive services in employment solutions. Because We believe, it this our main responsibility to make sure that our clients and candidates have peace of mind with confidence and proudly when they are providing all the required services as per demand. Our commitment is not to just “fill the gaps” but we provide the best qualified and skilled quality employees as per employer demand. We want to be a part of our client’s vision in order to increase their well-reputed best services in all communities. It’s very important, this isn’t just employment solution services but it’s both side’s collaboration in a working partnership, and in collaboration there has to be a trusted working relationship to achieve the common goal of the “Work together & Grow together” policy. It all has to depend on both sides’ professional mutual understanding in a productive working relationship from one end to the other… If your organization would like to benefit from our consistency with quality, efficiency, and productivity in employment solutions, please contact us. We would be more than happy to discuss in detail, how we can be your reliable and trusted employment solutions partner in healthcare recruitment. Please contact us through given phone number 01695363923 or email address, info@oysteremployment.com.

Thoughts about Health Sector

Especially this mission involves our emotional feelings through personal experiences in 2020. We are very passionate about adding our 100% productive contribution to this health sector. This project came from our hearts at the peak of (Covid-19) and also it involved lots of feelings from our personal experiences. Here I would like to explain, that this mission has involved a passion for supporting in the healthcare sector with productivity in a positive direction with support from experts and for the benefit of everyone in this land. As loyal citizens, we realized that it is right to pay back the loyalty and care shown to us by the health sector of the United Kingdom through this project because during and especially after COVID-19 our National Health Service and other healthcare sectors are facing a challenging time due to shortage of professionals even today. We took a long time (nearly two years) to consider it carefully and we have decided to seek more specific knowledge and detailed information about the best way to go about supporting the health sector with professionals.

Oyster Recruitment

Oyster clients in UK is in immediate need of Nurses, Health carers, Assistants and specialists, if you fulfill the criteria of English language requirement we can assist you to register here in UK and to find the solution for your employment thereafter.

Are you motivated, compassionate and have good English skills, we could unlock this potential through our providers guiding you for IELTS, OET courses to meet the English language requirements.


Requirements

Nurses Language Proficiency In OET & IELTS

For enrollment in the UK Healthcare programs, you must be from an English-speaking nation or pass an English language exam. The language exam score requirements vary slightly based on the position for which you are seeking.

Occupational English Test (OET)
It is now possible for doctors and nurses to apply and grab in the opportunity United Kingdom by taking the English language proficiency exam (OET), which is intended especially for medical professionals. 
For the purpose of employment or registration in the UK, the Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) and the General Medical Council (GMC) have officially recognised OET as professional English language fluency for nurses and doctors educated and trained acrossed the world , as of NMC November 1, 2017, and GMC as of February 6, 2018, respectively.
 
→ In OET required Grade B in Reading, Listening, Speaking, and C+ or Higher in Writing.
 
 
International English Language Testing System(IELTS)
One of the most widely used English language exams in the world for higher education and international migration is the International English Language Testing System, or IELTS. You can either choose to take any of the recommended english proficiency test.The suggested exam for you to take if you want to relocate to the UK and work for a UK-based healthcare provider, such the NHS, is the IELTS Academic/General Training. 
You will receive a score between 1 and 9 for each section of the IELTS exam, which includes speaking, reading, writing, and listening. Your total band score is determined by the average. For each section of the test, you can receive full (5.0, 6.0) or half (5.5, 6.5) band scores.  
 → Overall required Score is 7.0 in IELTS with breakup 7.0 in Reading, Speaking, Listening and 6.5 in Writing

Please click for any upcoming updates in regards with   NMC UK & GMC UK 

Guidance
Step by step fully guidance to overseas candidates from start to end of employment process.

Reimburse Fees
Reimbursement of IELTS/OET Exam Fee and NMC registration fee (CBT & OSCE)

Support
Welcome at UK Airports along with Assistance for Accommodation upon arrival.


Our Primary Objective

Our primary objective is to make life easier for clients and candidates with our transparent process because we are highly committed to placing the right person in the right job. That’s what we seek to accomplish as we determined to arrange the most productive services to all kinds of required recruitment both locally based and overseas. Therefore, we try to be unique in the employment services industry.


Our Commitment

To the Employers…


We are committed to provide the right qualified and required experienced skilled candidates to meet our employers demands, in accordance with job role requirements because we are hugely passionate about adding a positive contribution in healthcare sector through our honest and hard working team.
To the Candidates…


Our promise is to create the right opportunities as soon as possible in accordance with your qualifications , skills and experience because we are committed to our company policy, ‘right person for the right job’

Disclaimer!
Oyster Worldwide Employment & Learning Services Ltd is independent company, that provides help and assistance to all candidates with language course requirements and others who require assistance to get registered with NMC, UK. We are not any Registration or Nursing Regularity Body in the United Kingdom.

Add sections and improve the quality and style of text as fit and needed.


