I don't think the OET and IELTS is not mentioned well, needs more information. Immediately after that section, make an faq section for this, explaining it a bit more.
This is the text to make it on
Requirements
Nurses Language Proficiency In OET & IELTS
For enrollment in the UK Healthcare programs, you must be from an English-speaking nation or pass an English language exam. The language exam score requirements vary slightly based on the position for which you are seeking.

Occupational English Test (OET)
It is now possible for doctors and nurses to apply and grab in the opportunity United Kingdom by taking the English language proficiency exam (OET), which is intended especially for medical professionals. 

For the purpose of employment or registration in the UK, the Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) and the General Medical Council (GMC) have officially recognised OET as professional English language fluency for nurses and doctors educated and trained acrossed the world , as of NMC November 1, 2017, and GMC as of February 6, 2018, respectively.

 

→ In OET required Grade B in Reading, Listening, Speaking, and C+ or Higher in Writing.
 
 
International English Language Testing System(IELTS)
One of the most widely used English language exams in the world for higher education and international migration is the International English Language Testing System, or IELTS. You can either choose to take any of the recommended english proficiency test.The suggested exam for you to take if you want to relocate to the UK and work for a UK-based healthcare provider, such the NHS, is the IELTS Academic/General Training. 

You will receive a score between 1 and 9 for each section of the IELTS exam, which includes speaking, reading, writing, and listening. Your total band score is determined by the average. For each section of the test, you can receive full (5.0, 6.0) or half (5.5, 6.5) band scores.  

 → Overall required Score is 7.0 in IELTS with breakup 7.0 in Reading, Speaking, Listening and 6.5 in Writing

