OCCUPATIONAL ENGLISH TEST (OET)

OET for Doctors & Nurses
Doctors and Nurses preparing for the OET study medical language at higher level.
This course involves learning a wide range of medical terms and vocabulary,
improving grammatical accuracy, and improving specific functional language skills,
such as the ability to reassure, explain, show sensitivity and manage distress.
Preparing for the OET strengthens the language skills needed by those Doctors
required to take a PLAB for GMC or Nurses preparing CBT and OSCE test for NMC
Registration.
How difficult is Grade B?
Grade B is the most commonly required Grade by regulatory bodies such as NMC
and GMC in the UK. This is advanced level, equivalent to C1 in the Common
European Framework or 7 in the Academic IELTS test. It is attainable but requires
training on language skills and test techniques. Achieving Grade B strongly suggests
that a medical/nursing professional has the right language skills to function safely
and effectively in an English-speaking environment.
The OET Preparation Programme at Oyster
In collaboration with a UK based medical education partner, Oyster has designed an
OET preparation programme for Doctors and Nurses. Before commencement of the
course, an OET candidate’s level of English is assessed to determine the right course
based on their learning requirement. A strong language foundation is built by
providing continuous, expert tutorials; regular progress tests; and thorough
preparation for the test.
Medical English Course Structure
• Comprehensive medical terminology
• Multiple practical scenarios – animated videos, dialogues, role plays
• Extensive vocabulary practice
• Functional language – reassuring, explaining, instructing, etc
• Pronunciation and intonation practice
• Grammar and writing skills practice
Fees and Charges
Fees and charges are very competitive when matched with the international market
price for the same level of courses. The fees are calculated based on the assessments
made upon candidate’s registration and vary accordingly learning requirements.
Disclaimer
Oyster Worldwide Employment & Learning Services is an independent company,
provide help and assistance to all candidates with language courses requirement
and others who require assistance registering with NMC, UK. We are not affiliated
with any Registration or Nursing Regularity Body in the United Kingdom.