Privacy Policy

Oyster Worldwide Employment & Learning Services Ltd, is the data controller and is a company

registered in England and Wales, United Kingdom. Registered address, Certacs House 10-12 Westgate Skelmersdale

WN8 8AZ.

Hereinafter Oyster Worldwide Employment & Learning Services will be referred to, as “We” or “Us”
This privacy policy has been written in accordance with the “UK General Data Protection Regulation
“UK GDPR” tailored by the Data Protection Act 2018.


This Privacy Policy describes what personal information we collect from you and how we process
your personal information when you use our website.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to fulfill your rights to be informed about your personal data.
We are committed to the protection of your personal information that we gather about you.


Personal Information we collect from you.

We will collect personal information on your visits to our website. This information includes but is
not limited to, traffic data, location data, contact information, information provided by you to us
through contact forms, and applications.


The provision of your personal information via our contact forms and applications is not a
contractual nor statutory requirement. However, it should be noted that fields marked with an
asterisk (*) are mandatory fields. This is because we need this information in order to respond to
your request. Other information provided by you, to us, is at your sole discretion. We will keep
records of all contacts made by either party.


What is classed as personal information?
For the avoidance of doubt, the following information is generally classed as personal information.
The list below is produced for illustrative purposes and cannot be considered as an exhaustive list.
Name, Gender, Date of Birth, Address, Telephone Number, Email Address, Nationality, Images
and/or Photographs.
Identification documentation – All documents provided by you to us, proving your identity, right to
work and other information legally required.


All financial information provided by you to us.


Much of the information processed by us, is information provided to us by you. However, we can
receive information about you from someone acting on your behalf who knowingly provides us with
your information. In these circumstances, the information provided to us on your behalf is classified
as personal information. This Policy also applies to the information about you that we receive from a
third party unless specifically covered by such third party’s privacy policy.

Sensitive Personal Information (SPI)
There may be instances in which the information that you provide to us or that we collect is
considered “Sensitive Personal Information” (SPI) under the privacy laws of some other countries.

These laws define the following SPI to mean personal information from which it can be determined
or inferred an individuals, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, or other beliefs of
a similar nature, membership of a trade union or professional association, physical or mental health
condition, medical treatment, genetic data, and sexual life.
Judicial data inclusive of information concerning the commission or alleged commission of a criminal
offense.
Financial records may form a part of SPI. We will only process SPI to the extent permitted or
required by applicable law.
How we use your personal information
Your personal information will be collected and handled by us for the following purposes.

To provide you with the services you expect from us.
To fulfill contractual obligations to you.
Meet with legal and regulatory requirements.
To respond to your request or questions when you contact us.
To help us create, publish, and improve content most relevant to you.
To ensure that the content provided by our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our website.
To perform analytical research on our prospective clients and candidates.

Disclosures of your Personal Information.
We may disclose your personal information. However, all disclosures will be made in line with the
relevant law at the time of disclosure.


Business transfers. Any personal information collected about you is regarded as a business asset. As
such if the business transferred its assets, then your data could be regarded as assets.


Legal requirements. In the event that any of the following apply, We reserve the right to disclose any
personal information.

We are compelled to disclose by law.
Compliance with accounting/tax rules and regulations
To protect or defend our rights or property in accordance with the relevant laws.
Lawfully requested to do so by a government entity.

Except for the above disclosures, we do not share your personal information with third parties.


Your Legal Rights – DATA PROTECTION
Under data protection law, you have rights including:

Your right of access – You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.


Your right to rectification – You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is
inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.


Your right to erasure – You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain
circumstances.


Your right to restriction of processing – you have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of
your personal information in certain circumstances.


Your right to object to processing – you have the right to object to the processing of your personal
information in certain circumstances.


Your right to data portability – You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information
you gave us to another organization, or to you, in certain circumstances.


You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have
one month to respond to your request.


Please contact us at Oyster Worldwide Employment & Learning Services Ltd, Certacs House, 10-12 Westgate, Skelmersdale, WN8 8AZ if you wish to make a request.


How to complain.
If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can make a complaint to
us at info@oysteremployment.com.

We will respond to any concerns or complaints within a period of 10 days from receipt of an email
raising a concern or a complaint.


You can also complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office if you are unhappy with how we
have used your data.


The address to write to is.


Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
https://www.ico.org.uk

This Privacy Policy updated on the 1st of January 2024.

