Cookie Policy
What are cookies?

 Cookies are small files that a site or it’s service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (If you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to remember and process your activity with us.

They are also used to help us understand preferences based on previous or current activities which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

How we use cookies

We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies, if you are not sure whether you need them or nor in case, they are used to provide a service that you use.

The Cookies We Set

Forms related Cookies.

When you submit data through a form such as those found on contact pages, candidate applications, or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.

Site Preference Cookies.

In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences, we need to set up cookies so that information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.

Third Party Cookies

 It is not our intention to utilise third party cookies for advertising third party products nor do we intend to use third party cookies generally. However, in some cases we shall be using third party cookies such as Google Analytics to help us understand how you use the site and ways, we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.

This Cookies Policy is effective from 31st May 2023