New section on home page, mentioning this
Our Recruitment Standards

There are many recruitment solutions agencies you could use to fill your vacancies. But Are you dissatisfied with the slow service and inability of recruitment agencies to find the quality candidates you need? It's a common frustration. Few agencies truly grasp the critical aspects of recruiting key team members.

Finding candidates with the right skills is challenging enough, but dealing with those who lack the necessary skills and have a poor attitude is even more daunting.We'll help you fill these gaps.


The good news is that we can a resolve many of your recruitment challenges and locate qualified, skilled, and motivated candidates for you.

We are determined and confident that we can deliver what you need. Our commitment to providing quality service aligns with the Oyster company policy of "work together and grow together." This policy ensures the achievement of our goals.

ANOTHER SECTION HERE FOR 
We Provide

Step by step fully guidance for overseas candidates from start to end of your employment process.

 Welcoming at UK Airports.

 Assistance with Accommodation upon arrival.
ANOTHER SECTION HERE:
OUR COMMITMMENT AS AN EMPLOYMENT AGENCY

Our Primary Objective
Our primary objective is to make life easier for clients and candidates with our transparent process because we are highly committed to placing the right person in the right job. That’s what we seek to accomplish as we are determined to arrange the most productive services for all kinds of required recruitment both locally UK-based and foreign. Therefore, we try to be unique in the employment services industry.
To The Employers…
Our first priority is to provide the right candidates to meet an employer’s demands, in accordance with job role requirements because we are hugely passionate about making a positive difference to the employers and candidates’ growth with our honest and hard-working team, as per company policy “Right person for the right job”.
To The Candidates… Our priority is to find the right opportunities as soon as possible for our registered potential candidates in accordance with their qualifications, skills, and experience because we are committed to the company policy “Work together and grow together”.
Customer Service Statement
	•	We are absolutely dedicated to clients satisfaction and endeavour to deal/match with all client needs in a prompt, and productive way.
	•	We adopt user-friendly ways at all levels to an excellent standard to ensure efficient deliver the best possible value service for you.
	•	We aim to ensure all your staff needs are met to help you deliver the best quality services according to your requirement.
	•	We promote a culture of quality assurance and enhancement of your business which safeguards the standards of our services, which support to company policy “Work together and Grow together”
	•	We support our candidates for their journey to achieve their goals and provide required any guidance for their career development.
	•	We always take decisions for continuity of quality working relationship in future with employers and employees in our mind.
	•	Our promise and responsibility is to provides a quality service to our clients as per company policy “Work together & Grow together” attitude.
	•	One of our Customer Service manager briefly stated “Here in customer service you will find us professional, helpful, friendly, respectful and supportive in your journey with us.”

IMPROVE WORDINGS AS SEEM FIT, ALSO PLEASE MAKE SURE IT LOOKS BEAUTIFUL AND MATCHES THE WEBSITE THEME
